Hi, people today. I'll show you.
a delicious recipe that gives you
do a week professional now
You will need plastic cup
smack the wafer oil milk
condensed a box of whipped cream and
with the news this recipe is very easy
Are you sure anyone can
do
first you'll hit the xanthi mourning
have to stop can I leave the
refrigerator or freezer at least
there you will hit the
your normal mixer until it turns
that cream that delicious whipped cream
then you will reserve this kick in a
OK
leaves them and stops there because he does not
you can hit the mixer again with
this other crime
and now we're going to hit the next one.
cream that is allowed and milk
condensed
this cream you're going to have to hit by
ten minutes because ten minutes is the time
needed for it to come that mass
it will even appear an ice cream of
cream and will look good homogeneously will
stay like I'm showing you
you in the picture
It does not have to be bad, it's not
truth
now it's only you to mix the whipped cream
add gradually and always stir
from bottom to top for this whipped cream and
do not get undone do not stay that thing
Mole is this mass of ice cream is very
easy and the coolest thing you can do
put anything on this ice cream
You can put any chocolate in there.
guava peanut anything not
must necessarily be the oil that
I'm putting anything but
In this crime, there are wonderful people.
including nutella'm sure in
screen is the perfect combination also to
this ice cream
it's worth you to make and use your
creativity make your ice cream your ice cream
preferred
now just break the oil I broke
so with the package closed for not
make lots of dirt and you'll get the
cup and will ride your tastes tac I
I put a layer of wafer oil
then a layer of ice cream like I am
showing there for you
then a new layer of oil and to
to end with one says green not to
oil is falling when I take it
the bottom is no problem because the
ice cream will press and will stick in the
cracker
There you clean it there already.
Enjoy to taste this cream that
even without kg side is a damn
And you have to tap the glass.
also for him it stays right not stay
some part sensor vitte leads to the
freezer for six hours
okay and this recipe gives on average a 12
ice cream cups if you do not fill
A lot there is only you rip the good cup
of ice cream, people do not want that
frozen ice cream it gets super creamy
It's just you enjoy it
Do not forget to click on the taste and I know if
Did you like your recipe?
i share in instagram with me it marks me
there I'll love to know if you did
is a big kiss does not forget it
subscribe here on my channel and until
Next video bye